Add docs for map_to_list processor (#6680)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/mutate-event.md

* [rename_keys]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/rename-keys/) allows you to rename keys in an event.
* [convert_entry_type]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/convert_entry_type/) allows you to convert value types in an event.
* [list_to_map]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/list-to-map) allows you to convert list of objects from an event where each object contains a `key` field into a map of target keys.

> * [map_to_list]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/map-to-list) allows you to converts a map of key-value pairs to a list of objects, each contains the key and value in separate fields.q

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [map_to_list]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/map-to-list) allows you to convert a map of key-value pairs to a list of objects, with each object containing the key and value in separate fields.
```
